The following will walk you through setting up a private keyroom instance.

First, you'll need to create a Google Firebase account that will host your data and webpage files. If you do not already have a Google account, you'll need one. Sign into your Google account at (https://firebase.google.com/)[https://firebase.google.com/] then hit "Go to Console" in the upper right. From here, create a new Firebase project and follow the prompts the page gives you until you have successfully created a blank Firebase project. Once you've created a Firebase account and project, you'll need to clone the Keyroom repo onto your device. 

In a directory of your choice, enter the following command into your command line: ```git clone https://github.com/ArgumentativeDonkey/keyroom.git```. If you have not installed Firebase on your computer, do so with ```npm install firebase```. Cd into the keyroom directory (```cd keyroom``` from the directory you cloned the Git into) then type ```firebase init```. When prompted, select the features Firestore and Hosting, then select "Use and Existing Project". You should see the name of your previously created project. Select it. You'll be prompted on where you want certain files to be — hit enter without typing on all of these prompts to make Firebase automatically select the already created files from the Git. Say Y when asked if you wish to configure your project as a single page app, unless you plan on adding additional pages. Optionally, you can set up a Git repo for your project, but if you are not planning on modifying the code signifigantly, this is not typically neccesary, so in most user cases, reply n to this prompt. Reply N to all prompts asking if you wish to overwrite any files.

Next, you'll need to set up your config files. Rename configexample.js to config.js, then replace the information in the "Firebase" section with the information found in settings -> general in the Firebase console.